3 countries in 2 weeks!
#######################
:date: 2008-07-30 15:10
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: 3-countries-in-2-weeks

From Korea to Holland and a week later, turned around back to China. It
was rather hectic, but nice! Glad to see my family! Everyone is well!

Ningguo is really changing fast, more and more flats built up and more
and more cars in the street. But there is one thing which does not seem
to change, eating and drinking. Time is not allowed, does not matter,
how about singing Karaoke? Well it was fun! Especially I found quite a
few talented singers at the family from my mum's side. I was really
amazed, the little girl just sang along all the songs which were popular
during the last few years. Wondering how she got time to learn all these
since Chinese education is heel druk! Nevertheless, most of things I
planned got done, visited most of the family even though it was really
boiling hot outside. It was hot, but there were still people working
outside in the heat of the sun, so no reason to complain. But it made me
wonder, what if I had to earn a living that way?

Seoul is very close to Shanghai. The flight was around one and half
hours. I was excited since my sister was with me on the flight. She was
really excited since it was her first time flying and also first time
going abroad. I really could not remember what it was like when I first
went to UK, apart from the fact it was still light when I got out of
Heathrow around 10pm. Oh yeah, my sister is 20.92, I was 21.5 then. So
more or less around the same age. But I was all alone:) I am trying to
remember hard whether I was excited or nervous at all, maybe not. But
something does pop into my head now, a snakebite, a free drink I was
offered at the students' bar on campus on that very evening. Guess I was
desperate to try something really English then! Another intention I had
was probably to practise my English. I always had that in mind for at
least a year!...

Well, in Korea again, the job certainly gets a little more exciting and
I am definitely busier, which is a good thing. I even got a title of
'project leader'. It is cool but a 'less-than-one-year-experienc'
project leader is just not convincing enough. But so far so good! People
get their job done, I get things more or less under control.

Two months to go:)
