Alpe d'Huez, here I come
########################
:date: 2013-04-22 22:51
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Sport
:slug: alpe-dhuez-here-i-come

First time I heard of this mountain peak was when one of my
ex-colleagues at Philips asked me to sponsor him for cycling up Alpe
d'Huez to raise money for one of the cancer foundations. Alpe d'Huez is
also part of Tour de France. Then I thought maybe one day I would give
it a try. When chances came, I was just ready to go. Last weekend, a
couple of  friends were driving down to Grenoble with one of the plans
being cycling up Alpe d'Huez. It was first time for all of us. We had no
idea how difficult it would be but we kind of knowing it for sure, one
way or another, we would make it to the top. The beginning of the
climbing was difficult, but once I got the rhythm of it, it became
easier and easier and after a little while, I could just continue riding
the bike and left all the guys behind me. Theory proves less weight
helps. As a team, I waited and took the break with the guys and after
some persistence, we all happily made it to the top after cycling 14km
straight up, at the altitude of 1850m. After you made it, it seemed it
was not all that difficult after all. Of course, then you make new
goals. The people who join the fund raising event in summer normally
cycle up and down for 6 times on one day. For that, not just some luck
and try, one will really need to train hard for it. All in all, it was a
nice try. Photos can be seen `here.`_

.. _here.: http://s1071.photobucket.com/user/jingjingzou/library/Place/Grenoble?sort=3&page=1
