another year - 1st post of 2009
###############################
:date: 2009-01-17 13:53
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Life
:slug: another-year-1st-post-of-2009

I am now sitting in a Starbucks, waiting for the movie 'Australia' to be
screened within a couple of hours on the top floor of this department
store. In fact, I have been here for most of the afternoon reading. The
weather was good and enough sunshine to keep me warm sitting outside.

Year 2008 is gone and immediately followed by year 2009. Meanwhile so
many years have past in the history of human beings. All what I could
possibly know about the past relies in the books, or occasionally
historical films and the rest I have to depend on my own imagination.
People have to always look forward since the past can not be changed but
somehow luckily you still have a little control over your future.
Nevertheless, the past brought you experience and we can all learn about
our past and hopefully wisdom will be built up with the appearance of
the wrinkles at the corner of your deepening eyes.

Looking into my past, it has been smooth and almost frustration free
apart from occasional modern man-made fuss, which is not worth to
mention. 4 years in university followed by 4 years in UK plus one year
with a job, 9 years of life has past but I obtained a lot (hopefully)
from the life and have got what is left all stays in my mind. However,
these many years, I still have not been able to follow the fashion of
the modern society. I still do not care what I am not used to care, such
as dresses, skin protection, all kinds of beauty treatment, fashion and
so on. I am looking around me now, the girls with shopping bags are in
mini-skirt, high heels, curly hair, nicely curved eye-brow ... I start
wondering why I am not like that. Is there anything missing in my life
or I cling to my past no matter what, or I still indulge myself stupidly
just to mark myself different from others. Fortunately it is never good
to judge your own life based on other peoples' standard.

Coming back to my last year, I have been without a home since mid Feb
and ever since I stayed most of the 365 days in a hotel room. How do I
feel? I think it is all right since I chose the job and I wanted to try
what I and most of other people have not tried. But am I really enjoying
it? It is lonely and you end up with a lot of time which you have to
fill it in all by yourself. Nevertheless, I have seen a bit of different
parts of the world so far and most importantly, I have entered the unit
of the society.

By now, I have completely forgotten what I originally wanted to write in
this post. Well, whatever, I have to go for my movie now.
