Forwarded: My Farewell Letter
#############################
:date: 2011-06-28 16:55
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Life
:slug: forwarded-my-farewell-letter

Actually I did write something. Below is my farewell letter:

Note: Fortimo is one of Philips brand for LED lighting.

HELLOOOO AND GOODBYE

 

Hi, there,

 

As many of you have already known, today is my last day @ Shanghai
office. Very complicated feelings often occur to me at such moments.
Therefore, I have recorded below a short conversation I had with Ms
Fortimoie Shanghai (first name: Fortimoie) when I was still calm and
sober.

 

*Fortimoie: So why do you leave me?*

*Jing: please allow me to apologize first of all. It was not my
intention to leave you but I had to make this decision because my
laogong relocated to the Netherlands.*

*Fortimoie: I see, that makes me feel slightly better. I thought you do
not like me:(.*

*Jing: That is absolutely not the case. I do enjoy working with you, it
is such a dynamic environment and it is full of passion and challenges.
Also, you have so many fans around the whole Asia pacific region. It is
really a great pleasure to have been working here.*

*Fortimoie: I am happy you enjoyed it. What are you going to do  next?*

*Jing: Guess what, I am going to work for one of your relatives, who is
also one of your fans but located at 120degs across the globe. His name
is OEM EMEA.*

*Fortimoie: Oh, that is nice, I am glad you are still in the same world
as me then. Do you think you will come back in the future?*

*Jing: Yeah, I would definitely like to in the future when there is a
good opportunity. So please do not forget about me.*

*Fortimoie: That is good. But… but it is kind of sad still.*

*Jing: Ah, don’t be sad. Let me tell you a joke: ‘there's a family of
tomatoes walking down the street: the daddy tomato, the mommy tomato and
the baby tomato. The daddy tomato is becoming more and more annoyed with
the baby tomato because the baby tomato is taking its time dragging his
feet looking at everything. so finally the daddy tomato turns around and
walks back to where the baby tomato is & steps & smuches the baby tomato
& screams: "Ketchup!".*

*Fortimoie: hahaha, fine, you can turn off your laptop and get ready to
leave, take care … :)*

Have a nice day. Wish you all the best all the time.

Cheers,

Jing
