Hello, people!
##############
:date: 2007-07-14 10:33
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Life
:slug: hello-world

Hi, Jing's Corner is a symbol of beginning of new era of my life. This
summer is fruitful, which is the special reason to set up this blog.

Ralf's job offer from MIT was a good start of this new era. After this
event, things move quite rapidly for him. Tomorrow (17/07/2007), he is
going to be a real Doctor of Philosophy in physics even though he feels
like a doctor long ago. I admire him for his confidence. He submitted a
hard copy of his thesis to the Senate house because he believed that was
it and he was not expecting any changes to his thesis by his examiners.

For me, things are moving forward definitely even though it was not as
fast. But i have nothing to complain about. I got my first job offer
ever in my life on July 11th, which was a date mixed with excitement and
confusion. I am going to be an engineer working for ASML, which is the
world leading lithography company. This means I can proudly mark myself
as a young professional in semiconductor industry. Fine, that sounds
great but how about the next two years or > two years apart from my
love. I am not worried about myself but Ralf because I will have enough
time to take care of myself. Ralf is the person who has to work at least
50 hours per week! **To Ralf, please do not indulge yourself with
America burgers or microwave food! **

Nevertheless, we will adapt ourself to the distance. (Chinese) People
say that 距离产生美 (Distance makes perfect) . Sure, no doubt everything
has its beautiful side. I will be staying at our home in Eindhoven, and
Ralf will be on a long-term business  trip in Boston. Time will fly by
and the proof will find its way in this blog.
