I am back to Holland
####################
:date: 2011-06-28 16:48
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Life
:slug: i-am-back-to-holland

It has been such a long time that I ever wrote anything. When I read the
last post on this blog,  I was questioning myself whether I am the
person who wrote that. But I had excuses since Wordpress, Facebook,
Twitter are all blocked in China. Now it is the chance, since I just
moved back to China after about 1.5 years living in Shanghai. I am
excited in a way because I consider it is a start of a new life again.

Last Sunday, Ralf and I went hiking around Drie Land Pont and we
happened to be at the highest point of the Netherlands: 327.5m. I was
quite excited by the fact that it is highEST. The important matter of
fact here is that I am generally impressed by first or est, such as
most, best, tallest, fastest and so on. Then I told Ralf, how about we
have an EST day every week. Once we run out of good ideas of being
..est, we can just eat most hamburgers for example. While I am writing
this down, trust me that I am really getting excited about this idea :)
If this comes true, I will never have a problem in finding materials for
blogging anymore. Whoever reads this can of course contribute to my EST
idea. I will just try it out at some point.

BTW: we learnt at the highest point of the Netherlands: the Dire land
pont was once upon a time Fier Land Pont. The 4th land was Sc.., which
then became part of Belgium. I got to learn better the history of the
Netherlands and the neighbors.

Welcome myself to the Netherlands again!

 
