It is almost another year
#########################
:date: 2008-12-20 17:10
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Life
:slug: it-is-almost-another-year

This year almost comes to an end and I start wondering what is going to
be my new year's resolution. For the last few years, I always tried to
have one but whether it really worked has never beenÂ  checked. However,
now I think about it but I already forgot what was my last year's
resolution. I kind of know what I wish but just not sure how to make it
happen.

It is kind of hard to summarize what I have done for this whole year but
I will categorize my activities into the following: the things I had to
do, the things I wanted to do and the things I wanted to do but not yet
done. So now, the things I had to do, such as eating, cleaning, going to
work, sleeping and you name it; since you have to do them, so it seems
rather important but on the other hand can be much less fun. The things
I wanted to do, such as doing my job seriously, keeping this blog,
learning swimming, being conscious what is going on in this world and of
course the most important thing both Ralf and I wanted: becoming really
family. Though the life after marriage has not really changed yet, but
we are the family and we know we will hold on together no matter what
difficulties we are going to encounter. As for the things I wanted to do
but not yet done, I am afraid the list can go on forever. But I will
name a few which are on top of my head since they are of importance:

First one, I should have better control when I am down. It is hard to
admit but I do think I am a little self-centered, since once I am
unhappy or distressed, my thought can be so negative which may impact
others. Since I mention this, I will take the opportunity to apologize
to Ralf because he suffered most when I was down. It is always
afterwards I regret I should have better control.

The second one is that to help the poor better. I do not really know how
to address this issue since my capability is small though I wish so much
I can make a change. I am easily touched but also easily forget. When I
am touched, resentment is meanwhile produced, why life has to be so
unfair and why the gap is getting larger all the time. It is a really
meaningless complaint, since sxxt happens all the time at some parts of
the world. However, little effort is better than nothing and I will bear
this in mind, hope you do as well, dear readers!

It is for sure now another day, so nothing left but sleepiness :)

Good night!

At Howard hotel, Hsinchu.
