Job-Life
########
:date: 2009-03-27 00:08
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Life
:slug: job-life

It is rather not an easy topic for the moment. Every single day in the
past months, it appeared in the news that thousands people get laid off.
Though I am not panic about myself, but such news rather made me at
unease.

I have been thinking a lot about what Steve Jobs spoke in the speech
given to Stanford 'As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when
you find it, and like any great relationship it just gets better and
better as the years roll on. So keep looking. Don't settle.' Job
occupies the biggest portion of life since I usually disregard sleeping
as a part unless I found some solutions or came across some joyful
events in my dream, which is rather rare for me anyway. I am no way near
settled with my job but on the other hand, I have not really kept
looking. Where do I exactly stand and where should I head to, I do not
have a clue.

How do people see their jobs? It is hard to judge one by one. However,
there are several possibilities. Some people hate their job, it is
deemed that life is much less pleasant than it should be until one day
the limit is reached and they quit; some people step out of it, they may
enjoy their work, may not, but they make themselves aware that work is
just part of the deal of life. So they do their job and move on with
life, which apparently contradicts with what Steve said. I would not
consider this wrong since not everyone is as lucky that they know what
exactly they are fascinated with. I certainly donot know what would be
my ideal job for life. Then comes the lucky ones, they love their jobs
and they are excited about their work. I do not know what more to
comment but to admire such gurus.

In mainland China and many other developing countries, it is safe to
say, many people work for life. No work, no sustainable life at all.
Though I am like quite like that, but I donot think I am completely
immune from the thought of work for life. People have to work to survive
in whichever case, but some people can choose what work to do, while
some donot.

I am still searching where I am. Maybe I could adopt some thought or
attitude of others to make job both easy and enjoyable.
