Korean Food so far
##################
:date: 2008-06-10 15:01
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: korean-food-so-far

I am daring! If the pots and plates look red, I am definitely going to
try it :-)

However, I had stomach pain for the first few days, but I just could not
restrain myself.

Mostly likely, the people at the restaurants do not speak or understand
English, but I am passionally expressing myself in English + all sorts
of movement with hands all the time. But guess what, it turned out twice
that the waitress was actually Chinese. They are Korean Chinese, one of
the 55 minority races, normally living in the northern provinces of
China. Therefore, their local language is Korean but they do get to
learn Chinese at school. So, I think I will try Chinese next time, maybe
the success rate will be higher.

At the entrance of a restaurant, it often requires you to take off the
shoes. I leanrt that also in one of the books about Korea, so I was
extremely cautions about the choice of socks bearing in mind of the
golden rules: no holes, no socks of different colours:-) The dinning
tables, normally have a big hole in the middle, which is meant for
hotpot (spicy kimchi soup + noodles) on a fire. The height of the tables
is around half a meter, so most of people either sit on their bums with
legs crossed in the front or kneel down with the bums resting on the
legs. I am still not used to it and I could not sit in any of the
gestures for too long. I also had troubles to stand up afterwards. Guess
I need some yoga lessons. The common food for lunch or dinner is
noodle/rice soup or steam pot rice. No matter what you order, the first
dishes they bring to the table are 4-6 kinds of spicy snacks: picked
cabbage/radish (definitely red) + raw pointing green chili (devil)
dipped with salty garlic peanut sauce +  one green cooked spinach +
pickled/marinated squid (red) + Tofu (white or brown). I really like
this, since it is so diverse and looks pretty in front of me. Also it is
a very good feeling with a table almost filled up with food in front of
me.

Koreans are generally very friendly in person, unless you are the vendor
at business.  All the Korean  colleagues work no less than 50 hours a
week. People generally have smiles on their face and they bow to each
other with the upper body slightly tilting towards the front when they
greet or say bye to each other. It is not too hard for me to put a smile
on my face so I do it always:-)

So far, I enjoy myself in Korea, but I am not sure I would like to work
here for too long. Since it is just too common for people to devote most
of their time to work. Family naturally falls onto the second position
for most of people. I guess this might be also why Korea thrived since
80s. Nevertheless, their hard working is paid off one way or other.

To be continued (In Korea)!
