Koreans
#######
:date: 2008-09-01 15:48
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: koreans

I like Koreans, since I really appreciate their patriotism, their
diligence and hard working spirit.

Start with patriotism, there is a huge contrast between nowadays Chinese
and Koreans, since Koreans consider no matter what, made in Korea is the
best, while most of Chinese would think the opposite. Driving in the
road, over 90% of the cars are made in Korea. One of the colleagues at
work even got criticized for purchasing a Japanese car. This 'Korean the
best' spirit is also reflected in the daily life, for example, Korean
beaf would be 3 or 4 times more expensive than American or Australian
beef. The justification behind this would be, Korean beef tastes 10
times better. One thing is that normally, Korean would rather marry
koreans when they have a choice, since most of them consider of keeping
the race/nation pure. Even the Chinese Koreans will not normally marry
Han Chinese, the reason on the appearance will be different living
habits.

Hard working, well, what can I say? For me, I am a little drained from
the life here from time to time. 1 hour if not more travel to work,
arriving at office around 9am, working until 7 or 8pm, then at least 1
and half hour travel back. I still have maybe 2 hours for myself for the
daily routine. So how about Korean colleagues, when I leave everyday,
there are still at least 20-30 cars at the parking lot. Most of them
would stay until 10pm at least. The guys who have children will have to
say good night to their wife and children on the phone. For them,
sleeping around everyday 3-4 hours is just normal. Still, many
colleagues use to work for Samsung and they claim that it is already an
improvement since they had to work around 80 hours per week at Samsung.
I do not particularly enjoy this environment of course, but I can not
really complain since I have seldom heard complaint from my colleagues.

There are tons of reasons, which will make me like Koreans since they
are generally very polite, welcome and warm hearted. At work, they would
very patiently explain things to me if needed even though which means
they have to stay half hour longer for their own work. Also, I
particularly enjoy their history lessons at lunch or coffee/smoking
break. Guess because they are all patriotic so they all know their
history pretty well.

Nevertheless, I am not Korean, I would never choose to live in this
country if I have a choice. Simply because I am a Chinese and I have
alsoÂ  too much appreciation for my own culture and also work is never
going to be everything for me. I still dream one day I will be able to
do well in the things I would always like to do which I did not have a
chance yet...

Next time, I will try to record my 10 mins brief Korean history.
