Many bizarre things
###################
:date: 2008-06-18 16:05
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: many-bizarre-things

Here and there, I am sometimes stunned with what people told me and what
I observe. So here goes many bizarre things about Seoul. Really crazy!

1) Meeting: Almost all the college and university students have been
often engaged with an activity called 'meeting', in other words: group
dating. A group of boys and girls of equal numbers meet in the cafe or
pub and sit face to face and start talking. If they like each other,
then they go out separately for a coffee/beer or a walk.

2) Booking: similar to meeting, but normally not arranged beforehand.
Location is mostly likely a night club, which is very popular with young
people. Normally the boys who are bored or lonely and would like to chat
up a girl will pay lots of tips to the bar tender or waiter in the club.
The one who got tipped turns into a 'pimp' and start a little bit
searching around. But in the end, he will just grab a girl in their arms
and lead her to sit down at the opposite side of the table where the boy
sits at. Sounds rather bizarre, but I guess the girls expect so even
though they do have to shout out 'No'. Then they just start talking, if
they are kind of interested, they will talk more, otherwise, the girl
might be grabbed to another table and it goes on and on. People say that
all the youngsters are party animals. I sometimes wonder how they
manager everyday with only a few hours sleep and also a lot of alcohol.

3) Samsung face or LG face or finance face ... This is the most amusing
thing I have ever heard. Plastic surgery is a very mature business in
Korea, with almost 80% of the population have changed something to their
face or body. The simplest plastic surgery is to double the eye lids,
which does not take long and it costs less than 500 dollars even.
Appearance somehow matters in our society, but not to the extend that
that you believe you have to make your nose a little larger otherwise
you might have no chance to be offered the job. Nevertheless, some
plastic surgery have some sort of career menus, for example, Samsung
menu, which indicates how your face should look like if you go for an
interview at Samsung. When I heard about this, I start imagining all the
people at Samsung look like clones of each other especially when they
are in their uniforms:) That sounds too dramatic, but people do not want
to look different here, especially young girls, so called 'peer
pressure'. Some girls may not want to change their face, but their
parents would even try to convince them that a cute face is important
for them, since that is the key to a good job and a good marriage in the
future! Gek ouders! My parents possibly kick me out immediately if I go
home with a superstar nose. I was wondering why I thought on the first
day that it is very easy to recognize a Korean girl nowaways.
Nevertheless, they do look modern and pretty and extremely fashionable
in my view:) A few times walking around Gangnam, where most young people
get together or go for blind date, I did feel that I am like a beggar,
since I was in my jeans and hiking shoes. Well, I am an alien afterall,
so I do not care!

4) Multifunctional compound. Church with Neon light cross on the top,
then from the top to bottom (not sure whether it has particular order):
food court, bar, disco bar (or health club), sort of shops, office,
office, coffee bar, brothel at the basement. When I heard about this,
the closest connection jumped into my head is the red light district in
Amsterdam. I saw in an old photograph that the girls posed in front of
the window with the church just in front of them. Have to say though,
the business does benefit from the 'God' on the top of them, since they
get tax reduction from the government. I know nothing of the brothel at
the basement, but I know it is illegal, but I guess they do have Mafia
taking care of them. Funny enough, adultery in this country is actually
illegal.

5) 2MB president. Protest after protest, it seems going on and on.
Against American beef, against canal. Funny enough 2MB has only been in
position for 3 month and he has almost 5 years to go! In '2MB' 2 is
chosen because of similar pronunciation; 'MB' is the initial. I was
warned not to get close to them, but I bumped into the canal protest
when I was just wondering around with my lonely planet in hand. It
turned out fun for me, enjoying the Korean rock band playing with the
singer's passionate shouting and jumping, with some strange looking man
wiggling like he is on drug. They were not violent at all and it seems
to me they just enjoy themselves. Guess the beef protesters are more
violent somehow if we believe what we see on TV. Oh, yeah, one of the
colleagues is very proud of the protesters, since he reckons the
protests are the symbol of freedom. So the protesters just enjoy their
freedom too much. This is sort of true, since he mentioned if you
protest 20 years ago, what most likely to happen is 'you disappear'
afterwards.

6) Korean men describing how tall is their baby using how long. So when
they would use their hands from left to right to judge how big is their
boy or girl. This is indeed not exaggerating, since in my office, many
of them stay until 9pm, and when they get home, their baby is already
lying in their bed:)

I may have something more, but getting late now. Thanks to the friends
who told me the stories!
