Mijn moeder is vandaag jarig-sth about my family!
#################################################
:date: 2007-07-30 23:23
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Life
:slug: mijn-moeder-is-vandaag-jarig-sth-about-my-family

Today is my mum's birthday. I called her and she was apprently surprised
I even remembered it was her birthday. One thing is because like many
other Chinese including me, my mum has a date in lunar calenda for her
birthday and on the other hand, really I did not consiciously remind
myself for the birthdays because I hardly remembered we ever celebrated
the birthdays. In Asian culture, birthday does not seem to be as
important as in western culture. I have learnt in my Dutch book that
every ducth family has a birthday calenda in their toilet. However, I
could tell how happy my mum was when I called her for this even though
it was just a couple of words from me.

I have never been heartily expressive towards my family, maybe because
we are never used to it. My father is a rather quiet person and it
seemed to me we had more comminications on the phone rather than face to
face. I was always a bit confused by my father's silence when he came to
pick me up at the bus stop when I had traveled from Shanghai to my home,
because he was desperately calling me home immediately after the holiday
started. So everytime I was worried that something upsetting had
happened. It was just like that but I have never been convinced that he
does not need to communicate with us. I am still trying to find a way to
talk to my father heart to heart. My mum and me always talk a lot. The
thing we care most about each other is that whether we are happy or
whether we are healthy. My mum has had very tough experiences in her
life. She was not the oldest but it just happened that she had to quit
her study in order to take care of my grandma in hospital and also her
younger siblings. She did have resentment sometimes but she could not
blame anyone for this. She never likes me to tell people that she could
not read or write much. But I always tell her there is nothing to be
ashamed of, because the time made it and she sacrificed hers for my
uncle, my aunt and her mum. However she is proud of my sister and me
that we can have the oppotunity to be well educated, especially I am
going to be a PhD and people say I have all made it up for her. The
world I share with my mum is mainly her circle and a small part of mine.
But we do not mind because we always have lots of tiny things to talk
about. My sister, I was protective of her when she was small then we
fought and argued all the time until finally I had to leave for
university. We missed each so much then! It was partially my fault to
fight or argue with her, because I cared too much of her behaviors to
push her too much only until one day I realized that she has her own
view and I can not really tell her what she should not or should have
done. By now, I am sometimes suggestively telling her what I think it is
better and occasionally reminding her to work a bit harder and not waste
too much time. Actually she likes my encouragement and she trusts me
much more than before. She is in Xiamen (a city on the eastern coste of
China) now with one of my cousins. It is kind of her first trip without
older-generation's supervision and I am so happy for this even though my
father still believed they went with my uncle otherwise this trip could
not have happened. It will get better! To end, happy birthday to my dear
mum.
