My around-the-world plan!
#########################
:date: 2008-01-13 00:24
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: my-around-the-world-plan

I have had another talk with my manager the other day. Something went
well, something went all right, something made me cautious about the way
of talking to managers.

Nevertheless, I have got an idea where I am going to be for the next few
months. Not for sure, but most likely. Somehow by coincidence, I am
going to follow part of Ralf's traces again. Beginning of February, I
will be in San Jose, California for AMAT training, which is planned by
myself for 5 weeks. April, maybe another few weeks in Dresden, since
there are two fabs there, Qimonda and AMD. May, Lehi in Utah, June in
Singapore or somewhere else in Asia...Also planning one weekend trip
with Holloway buddies in Barcelona sometime in March or April!

The summary I gave for my last 3 months at the meeting is rather brief:
I am happy with my progress and especially I feel my learning curve
still has a positive slope. My wish for the future is to learn as much
as I can and to welcome my first start-up project in June or May.

Despite good stories, I also realized I still could not overcome my
nerve-tightening habit when talking in front of people. I was aware of
this when I was in university and thought it had gone better, but
somehow still there. Guess more practice is needed.

From time to time, I would like to impress Ralf how good ASML is, so
wishing that he would like to join in ASML after his stay in US:)

New year, new plan. Being confident, being professional, being myself
and being cool. The definition of being cool in my opinion is to be
free, to be kind, to be funny, to be inteligently stupid (for example,
taking a wrong bus, or getting off at the wrong stop and being delivered
home by pizza delivery people), to be open-minded, to be wise!!

People say: A smile on the face, things become easier!!

Wish you happy everyday.
