My first time at Samsung
########################
:date: 2008-06-23 14:59
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: my-first-time-at-samsung

It was a customer meeting. I thought there was going to be a lot of
shouting, complaining as I often heard people say 'welcome to hell', so
I was prepared to experience the toughest customers in the world.

We were all waiting at the entrance to a meeting room. 15mins later, a
guy showed up and rushed to the meeting room. I guessed meeting would
start soon. He stood by the door, keeping the door open and let ASML
people in one after another. Funny enough, everyone took the seats next
to each other on one side of the meeting room. Apparently, the other
side was for customers. Nevertheless, when the meeting started, only
that guy sat on the other side. ...... (Korean) I did not know at what
moment the meeting started, in fact later I did not know when it would
finish. Now and then I heard a few English words. That was it, the
meeting was in Korean. I was wondering whether my mentor understood
anything since he takes Korean lessons twice a week and also has a
'Korean pillow dictionary'.

The only impression I had was that the meeting was so long. Plus
waiting, it lasted 2&0.5 hours. I got asked how I enjoyed the meeting,
'too long' was my response since I had nothing else to say. 'You have to
get used to it', I was told. Well, good to know that they are going to
have a reform about the customer meeting soon.

So far, nothing exciting, but you got to laugh at the following. I got
washed by the water shooting out of the toilet after the meeting. My
notebook was on the ground, completely soaked. My back was half wet,
since I immediately moved to the side. Nevertheless, my naturally
response was to check where the hell was the shooting from, so my face
and hair was also wet with splashed water. I had to laugh even though
the little toilet cabinet was flooded before I realized what the hell
was going on. The wrong button, apparently I pushed. There are lots of
buttons, but I had no idea which one was for flushing since no English
nor readable signs, so I randomly chose the red one, that was how it
happened. I had to guess the little tube which splashes water out with
quite high pressure is for washing the xxS. So the red button was pushed
again by me, the splashing finally stopped. The best I could do is to
search for a manual a flush. Thank god, the flushing handle is set at a
normal position but I had to leave immediately after that since I do not
want people to witness what has just happened to me. So stupid but
funny!!

That was my first time at Samsung. By the way, I did not particularly
see many Samsung faces:)

Oh another thing: I am going to try out all the other buttons next time,
but I will close the cover first!
