Pieces
######
:date: 2008-11-20 15:13
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: pieces

1. After all about Fengshui, please read this: All employees in A (maybe
many more) very big high tech company in taiwan (for confidentiality, no
name is offered here) , have to prey all together (sometimes department
by department to avoid tramped) to the father god of the earth (Tu Di
Gong 土地公) every month for prosperity of the company and also to keep
away the evil spirit. It is said there is even a legend person who is
believed to be the best at driving away evil spirit. Some high tech
company was so futunate to embrace her magic magic power to have fixed a
complex problem machine which is believed to be tangled with many small
ghosts for a long time. A Taiwaness colleague then commented seriously
what if we put a photo of Zheng Cheng Gong on our tool? (Zheng Cheng
Gong from Ming dynasty kicked the Dutch 'tradors' out of Taiwan in 17th
century). The overall attitude of people here: When you are not sure
whether it exists or not, you would rather believe in it
(宁可信其有，不可信其无) ----Very philosophical, isnot it!

2. A politician was seen very furious today on TV at lunch time. He was
shouting at somebody's face with his hand swirling in front of him
because Mr ex president of Taiwan A Bian has been granted with top class
prison treatment ' A Hot Shower'. He exploded since he did not receive
such top treatment when he served his time in prison.

3. Politician's secret weapon: Protest with Fast plus forcible nutrition
injection. It is recorded that one of DDP members survived couple of
years during his sentence. Now Mr A Bian may have a chance to break this
record.

4. Light stuff: The taxi driver says he normally enjoys his holiday
since he always goes abroad fishing. The rejoice of fishing lies in
taking a picture of the fish which has never seen then release them into
water again. If he has seen it before, then also not too bad, go to the
restaurant and have a nice fish meal as long as the fish meets the
fishable regulation of the country. In this aspect, he clains Japan is
better than Taiwan since the regulations in Japan on fishing is much
more relaxed.

5. More to continue when it happens.
