Seoul, a lovely city
####################
:date: 2008-06-04 14:48
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: seoul-a-lovely-city

Having stayed at Eindhove for just 7 days, I was leaving for Seoul
again. Eindhoven, I can not really tell whether I have the home feeling
there, but I did feel joyful to meet some colleagues again. I had dinner
activities all through the week from Monday to Friday but I had to leave
on Friday evening.

I had a lift to the airport from one of the Korean colleagues who works
in Taiwan. It just happened that he had a transit in Seoul to Taiwan but
on a different flight. However, the two flights were 40 mins apart that
he did not mind taking one of my suitcases for me, since I had 12kg
overweight. I was lucky again! Apparently everybody is aware that we
normally can only carry 20kgs as luggage apart from me.

Guess that was a good start. The flight was very smooth, no turbulence,
no robbery. The colleague waited for me and helped me find the bus to
the Novotel in Seoul. The journey was around 80mins. I was very curious
about how it looks like outside but I could hardly keep my eyes open. I
woke up when it entered Seoul area. Very busy, very crowded, traffice
almost stopped, which really reminds me of Shanghai. Skyscrapers,
constructions, people, all over the place. Nevertheless, the hotel is
very nice. My room number is 818, guess that is a special treat for me
since I am a Chinese and Chinese in general loves '8'.

Up to now, I realized that I have not really mentioned anything about
Seoul, since I always like to write a complete story, from beginning to
end. Well, never mind, I will continue some other time since I am a bit
tired. I had a long day: 8:30am - 7:30 at work, up at 6:30:)

Night!
