Sichuan, how can I help, my beloved people?
###########################################
:date: 2008-05-19 06:55
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Life
:slug: sichuan-how-can-i-help-my-beloved-people

China was not very lucky this year. From the heavy spring snowfall to
Riots in the west and anti-Olympics-in-China to what now the worst
disaster of the century. Tears could not hold in my eyes when watching
the news on internet. I can not help asking myself, why on earth those
innocent people have to be deprived of the company of the loved family?
Some villages are left completely in ruins. Those children were reading,
smiling, chasing each other just a few minutes ago and now where are
they... They dropped to the earth with their smile and their hope and
also the hope of the entire family. The most resentful scene for me to
see is when the elder crying for the loss of the young. They would cry
for that the ones buried under the earth were themselves instead of
their grandchildren.

I am wordless but tearful. Human beings are tinny in front of mother
earth. People have been living there generation after generation for
many centuries but now all destroyed in a split second. No warning, no
regret, all just happened. I have no resent, since this is nobody's
fault. I used to think China is too big for people to be united but I
was so wrong. We stood up together, swallowing the facts of what has
happened, striking through but we are making progress. People will not
fear, and we will help them to rebuild their home and hope.

I am helpless. I wished so much I could be there but I am a practical
coward. I am in US, enjoying my work and life. I wished I could be there
with them, feel what they feel, live what they live, suffer what they
suffer... but I am here, life is as usual. Maybe I am doing the right
thing, there is no moral judgement. I have to live my normal life
despite I feel the pain of being completely unhelpful when such things
happened.

My family is putting their names done for adopting one orphan from the
region. I support them doing so since I know the child will be loved by
my family and we will try our best to bring her/him up.

There are donations everywhere all over China. Mother earth is watching
us and we can handle this. No matter how poor they are, they could not
wait to offer the help. I meanwhile feel confident it will all pass.
People's life will resume normal soon.

My best wishes to all the people. Please be strong at all time. I swear
I will be nice to all my family and friends and everyone else.

Goodnight!
