So long ago!
############
:date: 2007-10-13 10:23
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Life
:slug: so-long-ago

Hi, everyone. This web almost becomes obsolete so now I am going to
rescue it.

I am nowhere close to be a writer and really sometimes it is very hard
to have a peaceful mind to sit down actually writing some genuine
thought. It also could be I do not have any  thought, but believe me we
are thinking, judging or evaluating all the time.

Myself. I never stopped evaluating myself all the time. Generally
speaking, I do not have so much confidence in myself. Well, I'd better
express it in a more clear fashion. Maybe because of my goal is too
high, it causes stress and frustration, which leads to a reduction of my
confidence. But I can not help at this point because I believe 10 times
more efforts will always compensate for less intelligence. When I was in
high school, I was told by one of the seniors that he always used the
back of a knife to chop a tree down. Of course then he spent much more
efforts than the people who used the sharp side. This is a bit
exaggerating, but it is kind of hitting the point. I am always willing
to spend more efforts to achieve the goal because I believe I have to.
Guess what, it works so far. I managed to attend a good university in
China, then accomplished my PhD on time even though I still felt I could
have failed if I was in the Netherlands or Finland. Whatever, now I
started my new profession, I just have to work on and work harder.

ASML. I felt cool so far about my job. My colleagues are experienced,
motivated and hard working. Most importantly, they are so willing to
explain things in a simple case. Well, here you go. I am the least
experienced in the whole group and there is so much I have no clue what
is all about. Do they expect me to know all this already? Am I confident
now that I will catch it up soon? There is one solution: trying and
trying!

OK, hope you are not bored by now. Have a good day!

Jing
