Spot the difference
###################
:date: 2008-12-17 16:01
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: spot-the-difference

.. raw:: html

   <div>

What is most different between mainland China and Taiwan?

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

I was asked this question almost on any occasion of a conversation.
Honestly I do not really know whether I am actually in a position of
telling something genuine and interesting since the time of my stay is
still too short to form an opinion, also my contact with Taiwanese is
really limited to certain groups such as colleagues at work, crews at
the hotel and the taxi drivers. However, I would always like to give it
a try.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

The first thing which comes into my mind is in following Chinese
traditions. Somehow, from what I have heard and read, Taiwanese seem to
be more traditional in a way even though they are developed and open
much earlier than mainland China. The most convenient example is the
usage of traditional Chinese characters and the format of books in
Taiwan. Some books are still written vertically from the right to the
left. I have to admit that I lost interest and desire to read a book
like that, since it is simply going to take me too much effort even
though I may have a chance to understand well the content.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Then the wedding. I heard it most since 4 colleagues got married one
after each other. Also, a few got engaged. There is usually an
engagement party, which is held by the girl normally but funded by her
fiance (bride price),Â  The party is of various sizes, ranged from 1
table to couples of dozens table. From the pictures I have seen, it is
just like a wedding but somehow smaller than the real wedding. The bride
also changes dresses through the course of the party and they were made
fun of at the mean time. For many young people in China nowadays, this
step is skipped I think (at least most of my friends do not have an
engagement party). The party itself maybe similar afterall, since
afterall, it is with tons of people and a lot of food. But there is one
thing which I have never seen before is that how they decorate the car
which is used to pick up the bride. I have seen two versions so far
(every weekend, there are wedding or engagement parties in the hotel,
since it is said in the Chinese calendar these days are good days): two
sugarcanes or two banboos with roots and a buddle of pork are tied to
the right side on the top of the car. Not sure whether people in Fujian
or somewhere else in the South still do such things. See, Mainland is so
big and I have only visited a fraction of it so hard to say this is
indeed the difference.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Street vendors. You will hardly see street vendors in big cities in
China anymore, but they are almost everywhere in Taiwan. Taiwan is
famous for its snacks and normally you can find in one city the snacks
from all other parts of Taiwan. It is sometimes sold at the side of the
road, sometimes in a shed in a market. Even though some of them do have
a shop front but most of them look a little shabby and old comparing to
the restaurants in mainland. I actually really enjoy the food in such
restaurants since it is delicious, fast and convenient and also very
cheap. Most importantly, you do not have a chance to waste so much since
the portion is just about right at least for me.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

Belief or religion. I do not have to say much about this but you may
have already known what is the outcome of this comparison. In mainland,
there are historical reasons why religion is not very popular since
communist party was in control. Even nowadays, the policy for religion
or belief is still like the wind, which can go either way from time to
time. In Taiwan, most of people believe in Buddhism or Daoism. There are
temples almost everywhere you go. As far as I know, there are 3 major
kinds: Buddist, Dao and Mazu temple. These temples have different gods,
which will offer differing protections. For example, in Tainan, almost
every village has Mazu temple. I was told, originally Mazu was from
Fujian province and her real name is Lin Moliang. She is very kind and
always trying to save fisherman's life when the sea is tough. In Tainan,
there were many fishermen in odl days, especially along the coast. They
built temples to respect Mazu and wish for a safe also productive
fishing trip. Most people go to temples to worship regularly once or
twice a month besides festivals. The general Principal of belief is
'rather believe in it than not' just in case it might be real. My
impression is that this belief is much more spread here than in Mainland
China since people even communicate about their worship experience at
lunch break. What a surprise for me! I kind of feel that I miss
something, since I do not have a belief or faith meanwhile a little
guilty that I am not as Chinese as them.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

The last thing is not worth to mention but just for the sake of it:
People in Mainland (called Chinese with no doubt) consider Taiwan is
part of China, while most Taiwanese consider China is a foreign country
now. During A bian's time, Taiwanese learn Chinese history as foreign
history. Nevertheless, majority people in the north of Taiwan still
reckon they are Chinese since their ancestors were from Fujian province
in 16th century, while majority people in the South may consider they
are not even Chinese, Well, they both have a point, since during Dutch
38 years in Taiwan (40000 people and 40000 deer happily lived on this
island at the time), the encouraged immigrates from Fujian were mostly
men, later on who had to marry the aboriginal people who resided in
Taiwan.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

All in all, I feel Taiwan is much more balanced between tradition and
modernity while in China some tradition is lost in a pursuit for
modernity. I wish one day we will become one country, one people again
due to our same root.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

