Sunny California
################
:date: 2008-05-19 06:15
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: sunny-california

I am lying in bed and tomorrow morning I am heading to Arches National
Park. My head is now full of stunning images of those perfectly nature
constructed arches. But now I am going to look back into the good time I
had in California.

California, which seemed so far away from me and I really could not
believe at first place that I was going to be in California for a
training after half year being with my work at ASML. For this particular
reason, I am hoping so much I will do well in my job for return.

California, which is sunny and liberal. Sunny, since it almost does not
rain at all past January and February. Liberal, because of its diversity
in population. I had very good examples: 'The L word', in my opinion is
pretty much a rated lesbian TV Soap. If this is not convincing enough,
how about getting a rental car without presenting a physical driving
license but a few copies of it?

French are known for their pride. They are proud of their food, culture,
land scape even their non-articulacy with strong French accent when
speaking a foreign language. I start wondering whether the people who
reside in California have similar type of pride. Let us see. Food: 'Oh,
boy' (a funny expression Americans use a lot), you can find almost any
nation's authentic food here. The population is diverse, there is no
necessity to adapt the taste of food to a particular nation. Culture:
diverse! Strong community of Chinese, Vietnamese, Mexican and Spanish...
Land scape: sunny beach + snowing mountain at the same season. Language:
English + Spanish! So a Californian will for sure beats a French in
pride competition.

As for attractions, there are loads of choices. Mine is simple and neat!
A few weekend trips: Yosemite->Monterey, Big Sur->San Francisco,
Napa->San Franciso. Each visit was short, no way being comprehensive but
kind of spiritual. Yosemite, the scene in my opinion is close to
Huangshan Mountain even though the latter does not possess the grand
water falls. Of course the plantation is rather different. The Road
towards the Giant Sequoia was closed for traffic due to heavy snow, but
it did not stop vistors budging through the snow. Paul, Li and I,
decided to run since it is hard to walk straight on the snow trail
anyway. Falling over, standing up, falling over again... My shoes, they
were total soaked, sweat + melted snow + mud. But we were determined to
find the Giant giant Sequoia in the deep forest and of course we made
it. It was all worth it!! The delight at the end of the trip was a treat
of a Chinese buffet. That was really delicious:)

'Where are you going', 'Big Sur', 'Where? where is that', '90 miles from
here', 'what is there', 'well, forest, ocean, beach...', 'sounds great,
come on then...' we picked up a hitch hiker and he wanted to go to Big
Sur. Where were we going? We wanted to go to Monterey but what the hell,
let us just drive to Big Sur, since we were solely tourists, does not
matter! Well, that is a good few hours driving of 90 miles, since the
route 'high way #1' is winding through the mountains along the Ocean. I
had to say I really enjoyed the driving though, definately the way I
wanted when I first decided to go on highway '1'. Beautiful wild beach
with cliffs, rocky islands and wild plantation, a complete work out for
my new Nikon D60. Tons of 4M pictures, which took me a while to sort
out. Crazy, too dark, too bright, another angle, another pose. Hard to
imagine if it was 5-10 year ago.

San Francisco airport, I was so excited to meet my fiance after 3 months
without seeing each other. Ralf is still the same, only a bit slimmer
than before, guess a 'vegetarian diet' works quite well on him. I was so
anxious also excited for this moment, but afterall I could not throw
myself into him when I saw him. Well, we acknowledged each other's
feelings. Jing is still Jing, there is something which does not seeem to
change or improve, clumsy and not well organized. It took us a while to
find my rental car. I was so sorry but on the other hand, I could also
give myself an grand excuese that I was desperate to see Ralf.

According to the plan, we parked our car at the airport and took the
metro to the hotel I booked at the Union Square, which is located quite
in the center of San Francisco. It was funny though there were two
westin hotel apparently. At first, we walked into the wrong one feeling
well under-addressed, which apparently is a little of higher class. But
we were glad that was the wrong one. I felt much more comfortable to be
in a reasonable mid-class hotel:) In the end, we got to the right one
and we were offered a room on 37th floor with 270 degree view. Looking
through the window, we can see Alctraz right in the front and also tons
of buildings sitting on the wavy gound of San Francisco.

The time always flies but sometimes you do feel it passes quicker than
another. What is left is sweet memories and dreams. Then life is running
into normal. Working, talking, sleeping, sightseeing, excercising... but
we both have fun and most importantly we keep on encouraging each other
and thinking/caring about each other.

My sunny California had to draw an end too. I was ready to leave but I
told myself that it is a nice place and maybe Ralf and me can find jobs
there and live there for sometime in the future. Afterall, it is one of
the most liberal, most diverse, highest pay states in US and also you
can find best Chinese food there outside China:)
