Taibei to Taipei
################
:date: 2008-11-16 12:34
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: taibei-to-taipei

In the mainland China we use Taibei as its name. I do know really know
much about Taibei but still I am going to write down what I have seen
and felt since I only went there twice.

First time, I took the HSR (High speed rail) to Taipei just for the fun.
The HSR station is rather far out of Hsinchu, but nevertheless, it only
takes half hour to Taipei station from there. HSR runs  the north to the
south, which connects all the major cities on the western coast. I was
going to meet up with a colleague of mine who has been living in Taipei
for a while with her husband. However, we arranged to meet each other at
the HSR exit. Well, it was not such a good idea after all, since after I
got out of the train, I figured out there are 12 exits on total.
Nevertheless, we managed to find each other in the end with the help
from a friendly girl.

It was pouring rain, so Katrin and I made a smart choice of staying
inside. I was eager to know how she feels in Taiwan. She loves it and
she admitted also as a foreigner here, she really feel privileged since
everyone seems to respect her and willing to help whenever it is needed.
I guess it is not totally unexpected since we have an old say, people
from outside are always guests. The stories I heard mostly about this
privilege is that they can always get away with some potential fines in
traffic since whenever the police stops them, he will have to let them
go since it is just too hard for the police to explain what is going
on.  One of the funny things she mentioned is, people always ask her
whether she is American. Somehow, she has the impression that Taiwaness
seem to consider the foreigners who are white or blond all Americans. We
do not really know why but we made two assumptions: too many americans
are living here, many of whom are English teachers; They just like
Americans since Americans helped them a lot in the beginning of the
founding of ROC. Nevertheless, speaking good English and look foreign
seems to be a big advantage in Taiwan. So one of my colleagues suggested
me to speak English instead of Chinese when I have to ask for some extra
service from the hotel. Well, it worked out well but I think the major
reason is that the poor girl who picked up the phone could not handle
English very well so she just said yes :) Well talking about this
privilege, I guess it is no good for me, since I have a distinct
mainland accent, which is easily recognized whenever I open my mouth.
Nevertheless, after I open my mouth with a few words, it is always
followed by a question: 'Are you from mainland?'.

That is so much about privilege. We visited a museum about the
aboriginals living in Taiwan, who now live mostly in the mountains and
on the eastern coast. They were the victims of every invasion from
outside world but now the government seems to attribute special
attention to them and help them to build up tourism to make a better
life. This reminds me that there are also 55 minority nations in China.
Somehow they must feel overwhelmed by the amount of Han people who
surrounded them and over the time, their life is gradually assimilated,
which is so called culture invasion. The special exhibition of this time
is about A Mei Zu. This tribe is led by female spiritual priests. To
become priest is not according to your will but the god's will (it is
not Jesue here!). If you are selected by the God, you will be sick and
nobody can cure you but the priests. Then you are one of them. Rather
spooky, well that is their traditions. My total impression is that all
those minorities are all good at dancing since they always dance at
festival time.

My last visit of the day was taipei 101, which beats the twin tower in
Malaysia and becomes number 1 highest in the world. The designer
admitted that he aims for number 1 since it always strikes the best
impression if it is #1 and why not. 101 is the fusion of Western modern
and traditional Chinese style. Western, because it is steel and glass
structures. Traditional because its bamboo structure and it has 8
sections and each section and it resembles a traditional Chinese square
'Dou' (money box), which is smaller at the bottom and bigger at the
opening. Each Dou has 8 floors and you all know why '8' not 7 or 9 :) At
each facade of the section, there are traditional Chinese symbols as
ornament: such as Ruyi, which connotes healing, protection and
fulfilment and is also a favorite decoration or imperialpalace.
Partially its interior looks like dragon's spines.  Another very Chinese
design is the Fengshui fountain in front of 101. After the engineers
finished all the designing job, Fengshui master comes in. He will make
the final touch or rather say final proof then the whole construction
can be started. There is a road which seems to cut through 101 if you
imagine if it is extended. This will drain off energy from the building
(bringing in negative energy), therefore the fountain is built to make
up with positive energy. How scientific, isnot it? Well, nevertheless,
it looks rather artistic and fits in well with the metal glass
structure.

The story ends up with food. We had dinner at the food court at the
bottom floor of 101. I like Taiwanese xiao chi (small bites), but if you
are not careful, a lot of small bites can fill you up completely until
you feel difficult to walk. That happened to me a few times and I have
to exercise very hard in order to win some negative weight.

11月16日 于烟波酒店本馆
