Thoughts out of a random question over income
#############################################
:date: 2013-04-06 11:52
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Alarm
:slug: thoughts-out-of-a-random-question-over-income

Yesterday I asked Ralf: How long can I live on the savings if I do not
have a job from tomorrow? I had a year or two at most in mind. But Ralf
answered, probably until the rest of your life, if you consider a large
part of this world's population lives on 2 dollar or less per day.
 Indeed, if a person earns 2 dollar a day and work 360 days per year,
for a working life of 40 years, the total earning is 28,800 dollars,
which is half of my yearly salary approximately. This is not an
assumption but a sheer fact, referring to some figures from `wiki`_:

Wealth:

-  over 80% of the world population lives on less than 10 US$/day.; over
   50% of the world population lives on less than 2 US$/day; over 20% of
   the world population lives on less than 1.25 US$/day;

Living in the Netherlands or any other western developed country or most
parts of China nowadays even, it is almost unimaginable to live under 2
US$/day. The `average Dutch income`_ in 2012 is € 33.000. While I asked
the question, my immediate assumption was on maintaining my current
living standard, meaning living in a confortable house with heating,
going out once in a while, flying to China once a year or to other
places for holidays etc. It is easy to take all these luxuries for
granted just because everybody around me here has the similar living
standard, and I work hard to deserve it. I guess the truth is that we do
not on average work harder than the people who earn 2US$/day.

Above is some food for thought. The world as it is today, faces a lot of
challenges ahead. Let us not leave these challenges only to the people
who are directly concerned or only to celebrities. You or me or anybody
else can be part of the solution to these problems.

.. _wiki: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_inequality
.. _average Dutch income: http://www.gemiddeld-inkomen.nl/
