War leads to peace!
###################
:date: 2008-09-15 14:51
:author: zouzoujing
:category: Travel
:slug: war-leads-to-peace

To a certain extend, war & peace resembles the ever-puzzled question
about chicken and egg. In my humble opinion, human natures has long
decided that peace will never come without a war and peace will not be
maintained without a war.

South Koreans always like to talk about peaceful reunion with North
Korea. Will that happen? Think of DMZ itself, literally means no
military defense along the 4km boarder but instead, silent defense with
tons of explosives buried underground. I have no intention to blame
South Korean since they have to defend their country somehow especially
North Korean government has never ever moved their eyes from South
Korea. There are 4 discovered tunnels across DMZ, built by North Koreans
and  the third one is only 50km from Seoul.  Everyday, there are tons of
tourists visiting the tunnels, and automatically it reminds South
Koreans that North Korean government is hostile to them so they need to
be armed to protect themselves so as their country, which they have been
working hard for the last few decades. All the young men have to serve
at least 2 years in the army still. Everyone knows this act is not for
Japanese, nor for Chinese but for the people who are part of their
nation.

I heard of a rumor that North Korean leader was paralyzed/dead since he
did not show up on TV for a very important parade, North Korean 60th
anniversary. Then I poped into a small restaurant, sort of documentary
about the North Korean leader was shown on TV. At that moment, I could
not help thinking maybe he is really dead!Umm, what if he is really
dead? Will the peaceful reunion take place? I guess North Koreans will
not mind, but South Koreans will not be happy, since ecnomonically they
are 30 times better than North koreans...

After the recent incident of the shot Korean woman, 2 MB president led
Sk government decided to stop all the aids for the North Korean. Not
sure when it will resume, since afterall, the people who are at position
will never suffer from famines but the powerless civilians.

Mao used to say 'power originates from weapons', which sounds brutal and
non civilized. But let us wish human beings will become wise oneday,
despite there are still so many wars around the world.

I would like to gain wisdom!But how?
